Reorganize Guides (#416)
livingdocsIO/documentation: content/guides/authentication/github-login.md

---
title: Single Sign-On

> description: Learn how to setup SSO with the example of github.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to set up SSO with the example of GitHub.
```
